gh-99631: Add custom loads and dumps support for the shelve module (#118065)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-07-16-00-01-04.gh-issue-99631.GWD4fD.rst

> The :mod:`shelve` now accepts custom serializer and deserializer functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :mod:`shelve` module now accepts custom serialization
and deserialization functions.
```

(Not entirely sure, but I would say that 'serializer' is a serialization function but not a serializer function)
